Feature/polygonal faceset texture (#470)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Resource definition data schemas/Schemas/IfcPresentationAppearanceResource/Entities/IfcTextureCoordinateIndicesWithVoids/Documentation.md

The _IfcTextureCoordinateIndicesWithVoids_ is a subtype of _IfcTextureCoordinateIndices_ to be used to provide texture coordinates to polygonal faces with inner loops. The two dimensional list of _TexCoordIndex_ holds the indices into the _IfcTextureVertexList_ that correspond to the list of _CoordIndex_ at _TexCoordsOf_ where:

- the first dimension corresponds to the list position of the inner loops at _IfcIndexedPolygonalFaceWithVoids_ referenced by _TexCoordsOf_

> - the second dimension corresponds to the list position of the vertices at the nth inner loop at _IfcIndexedPolygonalFaceWithVoids_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the second dimension corresponds to the list position of the vertices at the n-th inner loop at _IfcIndexedPolygonalFaceWithVoids_
```
